CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to Contribute
We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project. 
We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

There are just a few small guidelines you need to follow.

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

1. Fork the repo.
2. Create your new feature branch from `master`.
3. If you've added code that should be tested, we suggest to add tests.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Issue that pull request from your feature branch!

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT License
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same MIT License
that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

## Report bugs using Github's issues
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by opening a new issue; it's that easy!

## Code reviews

All submissions require review. We
use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult
[GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more
information on using pull requests.

## Contact Us

You can contact us through glitter [here](https://gitter.im/asiatik-open)

## Community Guidelines

This project follows [Google's Open Source Community
Guidelines](https://opensource.google.com/conduct/).

Commit message:

Changed folder structure (Issue #52) (#53)
* Changed folder structure

* Fixed link in README

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to Contribute
We'd love to accept your patches and contributions to this project. 
We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

There are just a few small guidelines you need to follow.

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

1. Fork the repo.
2. Create your new feature branch from `master`.
3. If you've added code that should be tested, we suggest to add tests.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Issue that pull request from your feature branch!

## Adding a new algorithm or data structure.

Make sure you adhere to the `algorithm/language/file` folder structure while adding code.

Additionally we recommend using standard convention for your language such as indentation and variable naming while writing the algorithm.
Useful comments will be a help. Finally, if you can write tests for you code, we urge you to do so.

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT License
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same MIT License
that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

## Report bugs using Github's issues
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by opening a new issue; it's that easy!

## Code reviews

All submissions require review. We
use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult
[GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more
information on using pull requests.

## Contact Us

You can contact us through glitter [here](https://gitter.im/asiatik-open)

## Community Guidelines

This project follows [Google's Open Source Community
Guidelines](https://opensource.google.com/conduct/).
